Hey,
it's Alex again,
here with Houston,
and we just wanted to say congratulations on finishing the 1st 30 days
with the farmer's dog.
Now you did more than switch to a new diet,
you noticed changes,
you adjusted thoughtfully,
and that's exactly what awesome pet parents like you do.
Every meal was more than just an opportunity to nourish your dog,
but to strengthen your bond
with each other.
And that steady care that you gave your dog over
these 30 days is going to support a longer,
healthier life for you
and your best friend.
As you continue this journey with the Farmer's dog,
we're here to support you every step of the way.
We are so glad that you chose Fresh.
We hope you saw all the awesome benefits that we've seen
in the millions of dogs that we've helped throughout the years,
and we are so grateful
to have you as part of our farmer's dog community.